add bibtag post (#228)
OCR-D/ocrd-website: site/en/_posts/2021-06-11-bibtag.md

---
layout: post
lang: en
lang-ref: Bibliothekartag 2021
title: "OCR-D at the Bibliothekartag 2021"
tags: [Bibliothekartag, presentation, phase 3]
author: Elisabeth Engl
---

OCR-D will also be present at this year's Bibliothekartag, which will take place virtually from 16-18 June and on two
days in Bremen. The OCR-D project is participating with two presentations on the current status of the funding initiative
and on the collaborative creation of training materials. 

> Elisabeth Engl](https://dbt2021.abstractserver.com/program/#/details/presentations/70) describes the current status of
> the OCR-D software and gives an outlook on the many planned application scenarios, which are at the centre of the third
> project phase. Kay-Michael Würzner and Robert Sachunsky](https://dbt2021.abstractserver.com/program/#/details/presentations/184)
> report on their experiences from a collaborative transcription initiative in which SLUB Dresden staff have been involved for a year. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Elisabeth Engl](https://dbt2021.abstractserver.com/program/#/details/presentations/70) describes the current status of
the OCR-D software and gives an outlook on the many planned application scenarios, which are at the centre of the third project phase. 
[Kay-Michael Würzner and Robert Sachunsky](https://dbt2021.abstractserver.com/program/#/details/presentations/184)
[report](https://wrznr.github.io/bibliothekartag-2021) on their experiences with setting up and conducting a collaborative transcription initiative at SLUB Dresden to create OCR training material and models by means of OCR-D and low-threshold annotation tools.
```
